THE OTHER MINISTER

It was nearing midnight and the Prime Minister was
sitting alone in his office, reading a long memo that
was slipping through his brain without leaving the
slightest trace of meaning behind. He was waiting for
a call from the President of a far distant country, and
between wondering when the wretched man would
telephone, and trying to suppress unpleasant
memories of what had been a very long, tiring, and
difficult week, there was not much space in his head
for anything else. The more he attempted to focus on
the print on the page before him, the more clearly the
Prime Minister could see the gloating face of one of
his political opponents. This particular opponent had
appeared on the news that very day, not only to
enumerate all the terrible things that had happened
in the last week (as though anyone needed reminding)
but also to explain why each and every one of them
was the government’s fault.

The Prime Minister’s pulse quickened at the very
thought of these accusations, for they were neither
fair nor true. How on earth was his government

supposed to have stopped that bridge collapsing? It
was outrageous for anybody to suggest that they were
not spending enough on bridges. The bridge was
fewer than ten years old, and the best experts were at
a loss to explain why it had snapped cleanly in two,
sending a dozen cars into the watery depths of the
river below. And how dare anyone suggest that it was
lack of policemen that had resulted in those two very
nasty and well-publicized murders? Or that the
government should have somehow foreseen the freak
hurricane in the West Country that had caused so
much damage to both people and property? And was
it his fault that one of his Junior Ministers, Herbert
Chorley, had chosen this week to act so peculiarly
that he was now going to be spending a lot more time
with his family?

“A grim mood has gripped the country,” the opponent
had concluded, barely concealing his own broad grin.

And unfortunately, this was perfectly true. The Prime
Minister felt it himself; people really did seem more
miserable than usual. Even the weather was dismal;
all this chilly mist in the middle of July. ... It wasn’t
right, it wasn’t normal. ...
