I suggest you make a start on these sweets.
A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons.
A little more power and excellent for transfiguration.
Always use the proper name for things.
That’s why Seekers get fouled so much.
THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry his longest-ever punishment.
Deep under the Underground.
THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS BOOM.
The newscaster allowed himself a grin.
Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words.
 The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer’s Stone, a legendary substance with astonishing powers.
A foolish young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideas about good and evil.
He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to his followers as his enemies.
Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I have let him down many times.
But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their riders off.
How many people wander around with dragon eggs if it’s against wizard law?
As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite.
All right, we’ll take you to King’s Cross.
See, there was this wizard who went ... bad.
The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.
It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another feather — just one other.
And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather.
Shooting stars down in Kent — I’ll bet that was Dedalus Diggle.
No need to fear the troll if you follow my orders!
Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed.
“And I must trouble you with an old man’s wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.”
Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too.
It was full of wizard photographs.
Anyway, this — this wizard, about twenty years ago now, started lookin’ fer followers.
And saying the magic words properly is very important, too — never forget Wizard Baruffio, who said ‘s’ instead of ‘f and found himself on the floor with a buffalo on his chest.”
We await your owl by no later than July 31.
Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we’ll send up green sparks, right?
“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”
The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs.
I found one dead last Wednesday.
And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters . .
No, I’ve got Morgana again and I’ve got about six of her ... do you want it?
However, this mirror will give us neither knowledge or truth.
Platform nine — platform ten.
Each House has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards.
The repaired alarm clock rang at six o’clock the next morning.
Cauldrons — All Sizes — Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver — Self-Stirring — Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.
Mr. Filch says you were up in the Astronomy Tower.
She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons.
The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.
The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.
Boa Constrictor, Brazil.
Don’t stop and don’t be scared you’ll crash into it, that’s very important.
There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it. ...
