Another few seconds and I’d have got you off that broom.
Hang on, I’ve forgotten someone.
I think the best thing will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to visit me next week.
From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper’s Guide.”
He meant to say thank you, but the words got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, “Who are you?”
Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons.
They had practical exams as well.
Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.
You never get anything new, either, with five brothers.
However, old chessmen weren’t a drawback at all.
And of course, you will never get such good results with another wizard’s wand.”
Thanks for the letter — I’d be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it won’t be easy getting him here.
You realize we need to pass these exams to get into the second year?
Yeh’ll do summat useful or yeh’ll get out.
He wasn’t the only one, though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, he’d spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick.
Trouble is, they mustn’t be seen carrying an illegal dragon.
His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions.
I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”
We’ll have to risk it.
One morning in mid- December, Hogwarts woke to find itself covered in several feet of snow.
There have been many reports of the Sorcerer’s Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover.
“It’s not easy ter catch a unicorn, they’re powerful magic creatures.
I heard he’s a sort of savage — lives in a hut on the school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magic, and ends up setting fire to his bed.”
In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.
People jostled him on their way to platforms nine and ten.
When you are older . .
“If you’re going to be cursed forever, death’s better, isn’t it?”
She left the chamber.
“What they’re saying,” she pressed on, “is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godric’s Hollow.
They hadn’t realized what a racket they had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll’s roars.
I haven’t blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs.”
Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted from the Gryffindor table.
I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance.
They looked at the dragon.
“Should call Filch, I should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.”
If he hadn’t, he might have found it harder to concentrate on drills that morning.
This was just an ordinary street full of ordinary people.
We could all have been killed — or worse, expelled.
“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too — ” “JORDAN!”
I was down in the village havin’ a few drinks an’ got into a game o’ cards with a stranger.
Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G.
He didn’t know whether it was safe to go to Madam Pomfrey — would she recognize a dragon bite?
The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animals side, and began to drink its blood.
“I suggest you all go back outside and enjoy the sunshine.”
They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys.
There was a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and in the middle, nothing at all.
“The little bronze ones.”
I’m going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer...”
The cut had turned a nasty shade of green.
“Always the innocent are the first victims,” he said.
