OWL POST

Harry Potter was a highly unusual boy in many ways.
For one thing, he hated the summer holidays more
than any other time of year. For another, he really
wanted to do his homework but was forced to do it in
secret, in the dead of night. And he also happened to
be a wizard.

It was nearly midnight, and he was lying on his
stomach in bed, the blankets drawn right over his
head like a tent, a flashlight in one hand and a large
leather-bound book (A History of Magic by Bathilda
Bagshot) propped open against the pillow. Harry
moved the tip of his eagle-feather quill down the page,
frowning as he looked for something that would help
him write his essay, “Witch Burning in the Fourteenth
Century Was Completely Pointless — discuss.”

The quill paused at the top of a likely-looking
paragraph. Harry pushed his round glasses up the
bridge of his nose, moved his flashlight closer to the
book, and read:

Non-magic people (more commonly known as
Muggles) were particularly afraid of magic in medieval
times, but not very good at recognizing it. On the rare
occasion that they did catch a real witch or wizard,
burning had no effect whatsoever. The witch or wizard
would perform a basic Flame Freezing Charm and
then pretend to shriek with pain while enjoying a
gentle, tickling sensation. Indeed, Wendelin the Weird
enjoyed being burned so much that she allowed
herself to be caught no less than forty-seven times in
various disguises.

Harry put his quill between his teeth and reached
underneath his pillow for his ink bottle and a roll of
parchment. Slowly and very carefully he unscrewed
the ink bottle, dipped his quill into it, and began to
write, pausing every now and then to listen, because
if any of the Dursleys heard the scratching of his quill
on their way to the bathroom, he’d probably find
himself locked in the cupboard under the stairs for
the rest of the summer.

The Dursley family of number four, Privet Drive, was
the reason that Harry never enjoyed his summer
holidays. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and their son,
Dudley, were Harry’s only living relatives. They were
