THE RIDDLE HOUSE

The villagers of Little Hangleton still called it “the
Riddle House,” even though it had been many years
since the Riddle family had lived there. It stood on a
hill overlooking the village, some of its windows
boarded, tiles missing from its roof, and ivy spreading
unchecked over its face. Once a fine-looking manor,
and easily the largest and grandest building for miles
around, the Riddle House was now damp, derelict,
and unoccupied.

The Little Hangletons all agreed that the old house
was “creepy.” Half a century ago, something strange
and horrible had happened there, something that the
older inhabitants of the village still liked to discuss
when topics for gossip were scarce. The story had
been picked over so many times, and had been
embroidered in so many places, that nobody was
quite sure what the truth was anymore. Every version
of the tale, however, started in the same place: Fifty
years before, at daybreak on a fine summer’s
morning, when the Riddle House had still been well

kept and impressive, a maid had entered the drawing
room to find all three Riddles dead.

The maid had run screaming down the hill into the
village and roused as many people as she could.

“Lying there with their eyes wide open! Cold as ice!
Still in their dinner things!”

The police were summoned, and the whole of Little
Hangleton had seethed with shocked curiosity and ill-
disguised excitement. Nobody wasted their breath
pretending to feel very sad about the Riddles, for they
had been most unpopular. Elderly Mr. and Mrs.
Riddle had been rich, snobbish, and rude, and their
grown-up son, Tom, had been, if anything, worse. All
the villagers cared about was the identity of their
murderer — for plainly, three apparently healthy
people did not all drop dead of natural causes on the
same night.

The Hanged Man, the village pub, did a roaring trade
that night; the whole village seemed to have turned
out to discuss the murders. They were rewarded for
leaving their firesides when the Riddles’ cook arrived
dramatically in their midst and announced to the
