DUDLEY DEMENTED

The hottest day of the summer so far was drawing to
a close and a drowsy silence lay over the large, square
houses of Privet Drive. Cars that were usually
gleaming stood dusty in their drives and lawns that
were once emerald green lay parched and yellowing;
the use of hosepipes had been banned due to
drought. Deprived of their usual car-washing and
lawn-mowing pursuits, the inhabitants of Privet Drive
had retreated into the shade of their cool houses,
windows thrown wide in the hope of tempting in a
nonexistent breeze. The only person left outdoors was
a teenage boy who was lying flat on his back in a
flower bed outside number four.

He was a skinny, black-haired, bespectacled boy who
had the pinched, slightly unhealthy look of someone
who has grown a lot in a short space of time. His
jeans were torn and dirty, his T-shirt baggy and
faded, and the soles of his trainers were peeling away
from the uppers. Harry Potter’s appearance did not
endear him to the neighbors, who were the sort of
people who thought scruffiness ought to be

punishable by law, but as he had hidden himself
behind a large hydrangea bush this evening he was
quite invisible to passersby. In fact, the only way he
would be spotted was if his Uncle Vernon or Aunt
Petunia stuck their heads out of the living room
window and looked straight down into the flower bed
below.

On the whole, Harry thought he was to be
congratulated on his idea of hiding here. He was not,
perhaps, very comfortable lying on the hot, hard
earth, but on the other hand, nobody was glaring at
him, grinding their teeth so loudly that he could not
hear the news, or shooting nasty questions at him, as
had happened every time he had tried sitting down in
the living room and watching television with his aunt
and uncle.

Almost as though this thought had fluttered through
the open window, Vernon Dursley, Harry’s uncle,
suddenly spoke. “Glad to see the boy’s stopped trying
to butt in. Where is he anyway?”

“I don’t know,” said Aunt Petunia unconcernedly. “Not
in the house.”
